how can you maximize what we call eyes
on the target maximize eyes on the
target so what happens is we've
developed come on down here Lex we
develop away so when the ball is coming
she will change so right now she's
looking hands she has her hands up she's
waiting for the ball she's got it what
we do is we try to lock our thumbs
together we want to lock our thumbs
together to reduce turnovers lock our
thumbs together to the reduced irnos so
as the ball is coming in what's going to
happen is nasty she's looking at the
ball all the way through into her hands
what we do we teach them not to do that
we teach them as the ball gets roughly
about two feet away she now is going to
look at the rim knows how she turns your
head so she's getting max amount of time
to put eyes on the target at the rim
ball still go coming to the same spot
she puts it into a comfort zone and she
gets ready to take her a shot that is
crucial we talking about getting times
off the difference between that is as
the ball is coming the difference
between that is when she gets waked the
shot is chicken you're not going to get
there in time whereas if she takes time
to get there find the rim and then just
how far she is did this get ready to get
herself set that made me demonstrate
getting the shot off and her getting a
shot blocked so what we're trying to do
is as we encourage them in this drill as
you will see you try to get them when
the ball is coming to you about two feet
out turn your head get your head eyes on
the target receive the ball put it into
your shooting pocket and then release
all right ladies let's go 3333 if
somebody start right here need one right
here need one right here good good gonna
need another ball you only another ball
hold this one come on right here here
you just hold out all right just give
Jones that one okay what's going to
happen is she's going to move down the
line as she moves down line come on
she's gonna dribble down the line when
she gets right to that line right over
there you can present at your gym up
however you want somebody put tape on
the floor whatever works for you when
she gets here she's going to release the
ball again we're simulating how we move
the ball down on our three just to get
some action going so if you come down
the ball she turns her head we're gonna
let her take a shot well she makes it a
miss it that's not important at the
moment she's going to rebound the
rebounder is gonna go to the back of the
line the shooter now becomes the rebound
the pastor now becomes the shooter and
the next one goes into it okay all right
ladies y'all ready all right that's two
of you already thank you here we go
ready go
okay good stop right here now I initial
allow them make them kind of shoot the
three some outside everybody's not
three-point shooters what you want to do
is make sure you have success for your
team you want to build confidence in
your team to take the shot so you want
to allow them they don't always have to
be outside the three-point line when
they receive the ball I just want the
ball to go up so if they feel more
comfortable and this is their range
about 15 feet away take the shot from
over here so now you can move it in I
initially want them to take the three
you come on in now Lex and so you want
them to find the spot where they're
going to be comfortable again you want
to build success in your team so they
feel comfortable everybody is not
three-point shooting all right let's go
run again
good good good good shot good shot good
shot good shot good good shot good good
all right hold it right there as you can
see the more they do it the more
successfully that they get